Blyte
Copyright 2004, Oskusoft.
All Rights Reserved.

1. END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please Read This End User License Agreement ("EULA") Carefully.

The person or entity ("you") installing Blyte ("Software") agrees to be
bound by the terms of this EULA. If you are unwilling or unable to fully
accept these conditions, then, notwithstanding the conditions in the
remainder of this EULA, you may not use the Software at all.

This Software and its accompanying documentation are provided to you by
Oskusoft for use only under the terms provided in this EULA. Oskusoft
reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. You assume sole
responsibility for the installation, use and results you obtain from your
use of the Software.

2. LICENSE PROVISIONS

A. Evaluation Period

This Software is provided on a "try-before-you-buy" basis. The evaluation
version of the program has certain features disabled.

B. Purchased License

Your purchased license grants you a limited, non-exclusive license to do
the following:

a) You may install and use the Software on up to two computers at a time,
provided that the two copies of the program are never used concurrently.
For example, you may install and use the software on a desktop computer
and on a laptop computer, but you (or other persons) may only use one of
the two at the same time.

b) After you purchase this Software you will receive a License Key which
allow you to unlock the Evaluation version and create a registered version
which gives you full use of the Software. You shall not publish or
distribute your License Key by any means. If you do, your purchased
license to use the Software is revoked and terminated, you must remove the
Software from your computer(s), and you may be liable for legal damages.

c) You may make copies of the unmodified Installation Executable (ex.
Setup.exe) for distribution to another party solely for their evaluation
purposes, provided that you do not charge for this service.

d) You may transfer the Software and all rights under this EULA to another
party with a copy of this EULA and all written materials accompanying the
Software provided (i) you give Oskusoft notice of the transfer (including
in such notice the identity of the transferee), and (ii) the other party
reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this EULA.

e) You may only use the Software in a manner that complies with all
applicable laws in the jurisdiction(s) in which you use the Software,
including, but not limited to, applicable restrictions concerning
copyright and other intellectual property rights.

3. COPYRIGHT

This Software is Copyright (c) 2004 by Oskusoft. All Rights Reserved
Worldwide. This Software is protected under Finnish copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. You may not distribute the registered
version of the Software nor distribute the License Key code provided to
you.

4. PERMISSION TO DISTRIBUTE UNREGISTERED INSTALLATION EXECUTABLE

Oskusoft encourages you to share this Software's unregistered installation
executable with others. However, you may not share your License Key.

Under no circumstance does Oskusoft grant any party permission to wrap
this installation executable within another executable, install it in
conjunction with another installation executable, and/or modify, remove or
add files to the installation executable as compiled and released by
Oskusoft.

5. OWNERSHIP

A. This Software and the related copyrights and intellectual property
rights, are the exclusive property of Oskusoft. You acquire no title,
right or interest in the Software other than the rights granted in this
EULA.

B. You shall not remove from the Software any trademark, tradename,
copyright notice or other notice.

6. RESTRICTIONS

You may not sublicense, or assign copies of the Software to others. This
Software contains trade secrets. You may not decompile, reverse engineer,
disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human readable form.
You may not modify, adapt, translate, rent, lease, loan, resell, or
otherwise assign the Software (except as provided in 2.B.d), or create
derivative works based upon the Software or any part of the Software
without the prior written consent of Oskusoft.

7. TERMINATION

A. This EULA is effective until terminated and it will terminate
immediately without notice from Oskusoft if you fail to comply with any of
its provisions.

B. Upon termination of this EULA, Oskusoft reserves the right to take any
legal action necessary to recover any damages incurred by Oskusoft.

C. Upon termination of this EULA, you shall immediately refrain from using
the Software, you shall delete the Software from the computer(s) upon
which it has been installed by you and/or your agents, and you shall
delete the Software from the media upon which it is recorded.

D. The limitations on liability and disclaimer of warranty contained in
this EULA shall continue in force even after your rights to use the
Software are terminated.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY WHETHER IN TORT CONTRACT
OR OTHERWISE SHALL OSKUSOFT OR ITS AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS BE
LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
MALFUNCTION OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES EVEN IF
OSKUSOFT SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR
FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY. FURTHER, IN NO EVENT SHALL OSKUSOFT'S
LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE LICENSE FEE
PAID TO OSKUSOFT FOR THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION.

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

A. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS." OSKUSOFT MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ITS QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, OR MERCHANTABILITY. IN
PARTICULAR, IT IS NOT GUARANTEED TO PREVENT OR DETECT DAMAGE TO YOUR DATA
OR PROGRAMS NOR ARE THE ACCURACY AND/OR APPLICABILITY OF THE OUTPUT
GENERATED BY THIS SOFTWARE GUARANTEED. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY
AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT OSKUSOFT OR ITS AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, DISTRIBUTORS OR
DEALERS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIRS OR
CORRECTION.

B. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so
the above exclusion may not apply to you. If any provision of this License
is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or
unenforceable to any extent under applicable law, that provision will be
enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remaining provisions
of this EULA shall remain in full force and effect. This warranty gives
you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

C. Oskusoft does not warrant that the functions contained in the Software
will meet your requirements or that the operation of the Software will be
uninterrupted or error free.

10. ENHANCEMENTS

Oskusoft may, in its sole discretion, advise you of updates, upgrades,
enhancements or improvements to the Software and/or new releases of the
Software (collectively, "Enhancements"), and may license you to use such
Enhancements upon payment of prices as may be established by Oskusoft from
time to time. All such Enhancements to the Software provided to you shall
also be governed by the terms of this EULA. Oskusoft reserves the sole and
exclusive right to set and modify its policies and prices regarding
updates, upgrades and enhancements.

11. GENERAL

This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between Oskusoft and you with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and all prior proposals, agreements,
representations, statements and undertakings are hereby expressly
cancelled and superseded. This EULA may not be changed or amended except
by a written instrument executed by a duly authorized officer of Oskusoft.

13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS END
USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS
AND CONDITIONS. Should you have any questions concerning this EULA,
contact Oskusoft.
